# darktide_config
Darktide_Mod_Settings_Compiler.exe allows you to instantly compile the entirety of your mod settings from the user_settings.config and have them written as a .txt file to any folder. Darktide_Config_Updater.exe allows any user to easily write that mod_settings_config.txt file to their own user_settings.config, save a backup, and restore that backup

Only the person distributing their mod settings will need to have the Darktide_Mod_Settings_Compiler.exe. You simply run the program, tell it where to store a cache pointer file, and tell it where you want the mod_settings_config.txt file saved so you can easily add it to your shared folder.

The Darktide_Config_Updater.exe, on the other hand, will go in the shared folder for everyone who has access to the modpack. From there, they can interact with the .exe to run the updater, which will read directly from the mod_settings_config.txt that was made by the owner. Upon first opening the console, it will auto-search for the mod_settings_config.txt. If it finds it, the menu will load, otherwise it will launch a file browser for you to manually select the .txt file, after which it will load the menu. On loading, the menu will contain three prompts: Apply Custom Settings, Restore Config From Existing Backup, and Exit. You enter a simple number designation for which task you want to perform, it will run the script for it, then take you back to the menu. You can leave the window open while you launch the game to populate the mod settings and see if they're what you want or if something breaks. If you're satisfied, you can go back to the console and use the exit command. If something is wrong, you can use the restore command to roll the user_settings.config back to the previous version and then exit.
